# Module-4-Programing-Structures-hospital-bh
I was asked to take a data set regarding data taken from ten patients at a hospital and draw upon this information to create a side by side boxplot and a side by side histogram with the data. My first assumption was to try and assemble this into a data.frame, setting up each column as a value; this ran into some trouble due to one value in the set being NA rather than a desired value. I attempted to use na.rn from the lecture but found this unable to be used; however, na.pass seems to do the same thing and does work for me, allowing me to create a proper table out of the data to work with. Still, while I was able to work with the columns freq and bloodp due to both being listed as numbers, I repeatedly ran into the issue where it was difficult to create the proper graph with both of them and where the other columns, using terms like low or bad, could not be read by the function. In the end I stumbled upon rbind as a tool to combine the columns as new values that could be turned into histograms or boxplots. Unable to figure out the correct means of dealing with the word columns, I cheated in a sense, taking advantage of the fact that each of the words aligned to 0 or 1 to create "kludge" values that consisted of the translated numbers and used rbind to combine these into a new value that I turned into the two side by side graphs.

Ultimately, however, I fear for my success at this assignment; I feel as though the boxplot and histogram might not reflect what the assignment was looking for, but I can't really say what might be wrong. This week in general I felt like I was flailing trying to figure out how to provide the answers the assignment was looking for, and I fear my attempt at a solution might just earn me a zero. 
